/*
	Interesting Ideas to Add

	- Collectable heart pieces (think Zelda heart containers)
	- Coins (to purchase items)
	- Scutes: Increase attack damage (specific moves, other types of things)

	Items

	- Salt Water: replenishes stamina
	- Fish: depending on type, restores minimum of one heart to four
	- Scutes: special equipable items that can
		- Increase attack damage
		- Increase defense
		- Increase hearts
*/

[Beginning]

The turtle is asleep in his home. The house shakes briefly, "ZzZzZ.." The house shakes 
again, "Just five more minu--" and a final shake tosses him out of bed. "What is going on?"
he asks himself. He goes outside to find the cause of the quakes, only to find a massive phoenix
hovering nearby. Its wings aflame and beating heat towards the turtle makes him shake with fear.
"KYAAAA!" the phoenix screeches, diving towards the home. A moment later the beast comes out with
the turtle's family album, "No! Not my family album! It's the only thing I have left!" he shouts.
The player may progress either left or right, but the towards the right advances the story.

[To The Beach]

/* Description stuff for travelling to the Beach */

The first two areas are designed like a forest with simple platforming. No enemies, just ambient 
stuff like trees and birds flying from the ground. The purpose here is to teach the player how
jumping works.

/* End Description Stuff */

[Shoulder Bash Attack]

The turtle arrives at a small cliff-like area. Once he moves further in, the ground collapses
and he is thrown underground. Inside this is a cave with stairs leading to a chest in the center.
Once opened, the turtle is given instruction on how to escape the dungeon. The puzzle inside must
be solved by punching through boxes. They must be destroyed as they are blocking the exit path 
to the beach.

[Beach]

The beach is 800x240px (so roughly two maps) in one. There are sandcastles and hermit crabs
roaming outside which can be interacted with. They talk to you and stuff. The sandcastles
can be entered to show (maybe unique) styled rooms. These are 320x240. They may have residents
inside of them which you can also talk to. Some items will be hidden in each as well.

Once the turtle crosses the bridge at the end, they find the king's castle. Inside is decorated
with a throne, shields, and of course the king. He's upset.
"This is just great. My staff stolen by some beast."
He turns around and sees the turtle standing in the middle of the room.
"You there! What business do you have?"
"I'm actually passing by, to be honest."
"Address me properly, or I will have you executed, peasant."
"Er.. I mean I'm just passing by, king hermit."
"Hm even so, what brings you here? I have important matters to deal with."
"Well I did overhear your issue--"
"So you'll help me?"
"I--"
"..."
"Of course, your highness."
"Great. Take the elevator down to the dungeon. I'm sure it was taken there."